README.md, before:


  # WK9C-Readme Generator

  ## Description
  This repo contains Node.js code for a "Professional Readme Generator". Using code found here:
  
  https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/potential-enigma/

  I was tasked with refactoring this code in order for it to produce professional looking readme 
  documents that anyone could use by following the steps listed in the installation section. By
  using Node.js and Inquirer, users will answer questions that will allow the program to produce
  a fully functional and professional Readme. An example of this process can be found [here](#usage)



  ## Table Of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  

  ## Installation
  1. [Download](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) & Install Node.js
  2. Clone this repository or download this code from Github
  3. Using command prompt/terminal, change the directory to be in the folder with the code (WK9C-README-Generator)
  4. Type "npm install inquirer" and hit Enter.
  5. Once inquirer has installed, type "node index.js". Answer each prompt and hit enter to move to the next until
     you see "Readme Generated" print in the terminal.
  6. Once complete, navigate to your file explorer and enter the folder where you have the Readme Generator. Inside
     it there should be a "dist" folder and in that folder should be your fully generated readme


  ## Usage
  

  ## License
  No License
  Read about the license:

  ## Contributing
  undefined

  ## Tests
  t

  ## Questions
  t

Commit message:

did more tune ups for readme generator, added an example readme

README.md, after:


  # WK9C-Readme Generator

  ## Description
  This repo contains Node.js code for a "Professional Readme Generator". Using code found here:
  
  https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/potential-enigma/

  I was tasked with refactoring this code in order for it to produce professional looking readme 
  documents that anyone could use by following the steps listed in the installation section. By
  using Node.js and Inquirer, users will answer questions that will allow the program to produce
  a fully functional and professional Readme. An example of this process can be found [here](#usage)



  ## Table Of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  

  ## Installation
  1. [Download](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) & Install Node.js
  2. Clone this repository or download this code from Github
  3. Using command prompt/terminal, change the directory to be in the folder with the code (WK9C-README-Generator)
  4. Type "npm install inquirer" and hit Enter.
  5. Once inquirer has installed, type "node index.js". Answer each prompt and hit enter to move to the next until
     you see "Readme Generated" print in the terminal.
  6. Once complete, navigate to your file explorer and enter the folder where you have the Readme Generator. Inside
     it there should be a "dist" folder and in that folder should be your fully generated readme


  ## Usage
  Following the installation steps will allow users to produce their own professional readme 

  ## License
  No License

  ## Contributing
  If you would like to contribute or suggest something, feel free to reach out to my email
  listed under the questions section.

  ## Tests
  Feel free to run the program and see which segments could use improvement/changing.

  ## Questions
  If there are any questions, feel free to reach out to me here:

  Email: perezjrp936@gmail.com
